Add usage and maintaining Golden Master via review (#58)
retest/docs: docs/review/installation.md

# Installation

> You can download the most recent version from [our website](https://assets.retest.org/releases/review.html). Afterwards, you can use your preferred data compression software to open the file and unzip it to a place of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the most recent version from [our website](https://assets.retest.org/releases/review.html). Afterwards, extract the archive to a place of your choice. There is no installation necessary.
```

## Open on Windows

Simply open the executable `review.exe` application.

### File Association on Windows

> Add *review* to your start applications and get a local test report. Right click on it and go to `Open with` and search for the `review.exe`. Now all future test reports should be easy to open via *review* just by clicking on them.

Reviewer: With this, I prefer a enumeration:
1. Right click
2. Open with
3. Search for review.exe

## Open on Mac and Linux

> Open the executable `review` shell file and you are good to go.

Reviewer: Is this called _shell script_ or _bash script_?

## Login / Connect to rehub

In order to use review, you are required to login with your [***retest*** account](https://rehub.retest.de/). Upon opening review you are prompted to login and your browser should open, redirecting you to ***rehub***.

## Updating review

> To use ***recheck*** reports with ***review****, they are required to have the same minor version (e.g. 1.6.x), otherwise ***review*** might not be able to work correctly anymore. To update ***review*** you have to download the new version and replace the folder contents.

Reviewer: ***review*** one star too many

> Upon opening review your browser should pop up, redirecting you to [*rehub*](https://garkbit.prod.cloud.retest.org/dashboard) to login and connect your account. If you click on `Open...` in *review* and you don't see your reports from *rehub*, but can only search for local reports, the login either did not work or you got logged out. You can open the menu on the burger icon in the top left corner and click on `Open Account...`. If you've logged in there, reopen *review* and your reports should appear.

Reviewer: I move the usage stuff to actual usage...

```suggestion
In order to use review, you are required to login with your [retest account](link to create a retest account). Upon opening review you are prompted to login and your browser should open, redirecting you to [*rehub*](link to login?).
```

> If you have an old version of *review* but updated *recheck* and *recheck-web* the application will not work anymore. The versions have to match in order to work correctly. To update *review* you have to download the new version on our website and reinstall it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use recheck reports with review, they are required to have the same minor version (e.g. 1.6.x), otherwise review might not be able to work correctly anymore. To update *review* you have to download the new version and replace the folder contents.
```
